Gabe: You can make a french version of these that would be also helpful. Okay, the english ones I'll keep here for reference, right, the french ones I can post. I mean, I could post these, but it's better to have French on the floor.  

Anthony: Makes sense.  

Gabe: All the little ones, medium ones, big ones, perfect. I'll have my employee count them after.  

Anthony: Okay, cool, because we're trying to start working on our email campaign. I think we've been selling to you guys since like June or May.  

Gabe: It's been a good four to six months.  

Anthony: Yeah, good four to six months. I was wondering, like, how many customers have tried the product?  

Gabe: We've had a fair number of people try it, um, I don't know the exact numbers. I could be a dozen, could be more, yeah, like a ballpark of, I guess, 20, a couple dozen, okay, a couple dozen. Um, I myself have seen at least a dozen come back and buy them knowing what they are because they've already tried it.  

Okay, okay, so there's been a good couple dozen customers so far. I can actually tell you how many units of each we sold. Oh, okay, wow, so we've sold more of them large ones than any of the others, okay, more of the large ones. I think it's possible that when I reprogram them or when I, before I program them, we were selling them by price, but the large ones tend to be doing the best.  

People will try this one, when they'll come back, they'll buy the big one because it's the better price. Okay, um, total we've sold about 20 units.  

Okay, no, we've had, uh, good feedback about it, nobody's told me anything bad about it, nobody's told me it didn't do anything. Some people told me, um, it helped a little bit, some people have told me it's helped a lot.  

Okay, so the people who say it helped a little bit, we ask them, well, how much are you using, right, are you using enough, um, because it's like a three to six month supply depending on how many cats you have, individual cats, some cats are just stinky. Um, but no, we've had really good feedback about it, people say it's, it's, it's cutting the smell down a large amount.  

Okay, um, that's good. I've had people tell me it cut the smell almost under nothing. I've had people tell me it took maybe 50 of the smell off, which is a noticeable improvement.  

Um, people are quite happy with it. They say, uh, one per, so one, uh, woman told me, um, she is happy that it's not interfering with the clump and the clumping at all, so it works with the litter.  

Um, cats didn't even notice it because it just kind of blends in with the rest of the litter, even with the plant-based litters, right, okay, doesn't bother the cats. I don't think the cats even notice it, I haven't anybody tell me the cats noticed it, um, and it doesn't like adhere to their fur or anything like that, so that's not any more than the litter would, okay.  

Right, so it blends in with the litter and controls the smell, okay, like noticeably controls the smell. Then that's, that's good because that's what we were aiming for and because we knew that was going to happen, but then again it's always good to have testimonials from actual clients.  

Yeah, and, and even with me, when, when customers come in, say, I need something that lasts longer, which of these three bones that's longer, I can tell them, well, I've had customers tell me this about this bone, this about this bone, this about this bone, right, it's, it's sort of like Amazon reviews but honest, yeah.  

Um, and then also I'm hesitant to tell people what works for my pets as, like, the main selling point because it becomes my responsibility, but if I tell them, look, I had four other people in the last two months tell me this about this, it's like crowdsourcing, yeah, views, right.  

The other, the other thing about that, it's like, what are the products to use to control odor for at least, for cats in general? So there's, like, perfume pellets that you can put on there, but a lot of cats don't like that. It can irritate their sinuses if you use even just a pinch too much, they'll stop using the litter box.  

Oh, so that's more for the people than for the cat. So some people will just kind of sprinkle a little bit on the base of the litter box and then fill it, and some cats are fine with that, some cats are just unbothered, but in general the descended pellets do not do well for the cats. The people like them, the cats don't.  

Anthony: And would you can, would you say that our product has noticeably, it's noticeably better, or for the cat it's better?  

Gabe: Yeah, it doesn't make the house smell like lavender, yeah, but it's healthier for the cat because it's not irritating their sinuses and irritating their eyes. It's not going to discourage them from using the litter box because they don't even notice it.  

Exactly, it's unnoticeable, it, it's, it's, it doesn't change anything for the cat, which is a good point because cats are creatures of habit. Even if you change their litter you have to, like, introduce, like, spoonfuls at a time, like half a cup of litter with whatever, because if it changes too fast they'll go, this isn't a litter box. I'm gonna go poop over here.  

So the fact that they don't notice it is a plus, and the fact that it controls the smell is another plus. The fact that it doesn't irritate them, it's not gonna cause an allergic reaction is a plus.  

Anthony: Can we quote you on that as well? The cats don't even notice it's there, so it's very easy to integrate into any litter, and it controls the smell very, very well. It makes a noticeable difference, pretty much immediately.  

The other thing is, it's like, I mean, what do you think so far has been, like, the pros of this from your clients in general?  

Gabe: It's just that it's unnoticeable. It cuts the smell down really, really quick, like, a large degree. And it works with any litter, clumping or not clumping.  

Anthony: And, like, anything negative? Because this is always something to improve on.  

Gabe: If you can make the little holes so we can hang it up, that would be hugely helpful, because there are certain things, like, if we, if there's, like, a litter and cat care section, it's very easy to just integrate that with other stuff.  

Anthony: Okay.  

Gabe: Um, so packages that can be hung up or in a basket, it's easier to fit them into other displays, okay.  

Anthony: We'll take that note, and, um, yeah, well, if you can tag, like, our products or something on your store or something like that, Facebook and Instagram, it's just purify, yeah, yeah, just, just check it out. Actually, let me just be very, very straight up on that one, just make sure, um, it's this one, should be just, like, purify, like, purify HQ, purify HQ, yeah, purify, and, yeah, if you can tag, that would be greatly appreciated, will help us with, like, helping out with the sales. Did you by any chance, like, talk to any other v2me news, have they heard about this product at all.  

Gabe: Haven't had the chance to do that, we usually have a quarterly meetings, I think there's one coming up at the end of this one, so that's usually the time where we all kind of just chat each other between, yeah, yeah. So it's slash purify hq, yeah, it's just purify hq on Facebook or Instagram.  

Uh, Instagram, okay, yeah, so my social, I'll give that to my social media manager. You can make a Facebook page, I would do that too because not everybody's on Instagram, okay, it's usually the honest crowd is on Instagram, the old crowd is on Facebook.  

Anthony: We'll do that, um, yeah, if you can just put a word in there, like, we're gonna try, we're gonna keep on pushing it to other p2minus, like, we're doing that with the Chico stores. Uh, right now we just got another order from Chico, so we're trying to go all the others, and even if it's, like, once a year, if you have, like, a big promo special where it's, like, either a percentage off or if you could, if you want to partner with a litter or even just with a store for their popular litter, um, that can sometimes help just push the brand as well, right, even if it's, like, a free sampler pack with your bag of litter or something like that.  

Gabe: Yeah, we were doing that with some of the stores, like, we were just giving those samples, and we just, like, yeah, I think we did that when we first introduced it. It was a great opportunity to get people to try the product, and usually we said, here, this is the sampler pack, just mix it in, whatever, if 10 of the people come back to get more, that's a good return rate, right, it was probably more than that.  

Anthony: Okay, well, look, honestly appreciate your time, man, yeah, thanks a lot, take care.